hello human and it will make me talk about
karma and karma that thing that we like
believe that it exists so as not to drown in
our own hate the people who believe
that karma exists is more or less the
same people who believe that going to mass
On Sundays they become better
people
there is the age the weights on the click
tithing basket and you are already a person
more friendship gives two pinches pesos
you hear some gentleman who fantasizes about
children and already suddenly a person
because karma was not invented by
people who like to keep the
crossed hands that fucking Mariana me
threw up with my girlfriend now my
girlfriend I ended up broke up with me but there
something called karma and it's going to fall
over do not do not expect karma to
fall on top better you kyle whores to the
no, it's not true, they do not hit the
women do not hit them unless you
life depends on it or that it is a
lesbian who looks like man who are more
blowjobs that one has set to stay
lesbians who look like men already
they look as if you insulted them
these women look ugly they look like
saying what the fuck you see me that you see and
I'm a lesbian
I am a woman but I have a haircut
as a private soldier some problem you
I break the ass culero situation die cabro
Lesbian cock 31 nothing already and do to be
bra lesbian and here the father maciel the
father maciel is proven that abuse to
more than 200 children if karma existed
this father would not have died of the
so quiet way in which he died if
the karma existed more than 200 blacks what
they would have violated the ortho during hours
leaving irreversible damage to the
straight if the card existed to the father
maciel and lightning would have fallen every 15
minutes but this did not happen the father
Maciel died to taste
surrounded by wealth and I suspect that
also surrounded by all the children of
little giants they fuck those kids
that they make chistositos in the
television fuck me, leave the brats
in peace, go skiing
do not put them on television
the funny ones then they end up like aleks
syntek is not true
aleks syntek is a good musician but his
era of child actor whore mother
sorry do not put the children to
act poor noses would be more human
send them to iraq to disarm in mines
anti-people like Iraqi children are
they usually do and that's how the world is
coal does not exist some children play at
ball from this side of the world from another
side of the world children deactivate
bombs like this is life
karma does not exist if karma existed
I would go out tables is not me neither good nor
bad is more karma would say this bastard
that click boring is you know that the ego
to give cancer is more because to be
put the batteries orale fucking at best in
a future runs over a child I give
cancer once this bastard seems that
the karma comes forward and throws you
curses makes you have bad times
When you have been a good person, are you
quiet and suddenly plane point it
fell was the karma a greeting to the fans
from jenni rivera watched his porn video
they saw the porn video and ribera puta
mother with what reason she liked to have
microphone is out of the mouth according to the
karma people should assume everything
that is derived from your actions if you are bad
you will bad things in this or
another life means that we have a
good margin of error we can all be
Sons of the fuck in this life
same and in the next we will not pay
that is, the drug traffickers who cut
heads like peeling peanuts in their
next life are going to be little babies
in their next life they will be dolphins
harpooned by perverse Japanese and
knowing the Japanese maybe
have sex with them they have fixed that
the Japanese to everything they say everything
produced with everything they eat is
aphrodisiac as they like to eat blowjobs
because they believe that the
dragons the oriental pinches are us
they extinguished because those ate that the
aphrodisiac the dragon balls make you
a Japanese goal stop eating shit
inventing that it is aphrodisiac like the
penis will continue to have
exaggeratedly small you can have a
Scullion
5 hours but what's the use of you bastard
you should not feel anything or a fucking fly
karma does not exist I know people
very good asshole that you have missed
your life doing good or say
rudeness and his life is of the cock
bastard for example a friend of mine is a
every mother good wave with her family with
his friends tell him rudeness after
nine is the wave and go three times
who assault him and once with abuse of
good sexual violence is true but
almost without a friend who has been assaulted
and it's a bread of god is not brad pitt in
his next life I'm going to piss off
always the bad things happen to the
good people seriously karma does not exist
maybe my friend in his other life was
the father maciel now if karma exists
she is blind and very selective as well as
anthology of cancún
If you're a brunette, do not go bastard
sales is that they have to enter the
güeros if the system does not fall I
I wonder what the fuck did hugh hefner
in his other life or in this one
to have that life bastard hugh hefner
the bastard is 70 years old fucking
20-year-old women I believe that in their
another life hugh hefner saved us from the
third world war maybe in its
another life his semen had the cure of
AIDS to cancer 2 with phlegm seriously
karma you what they think that no Mames
it was all
Like the facebook page
description share this video if you
liked this good- bye funfair story